feat: Add new Designate reference section (#436)
citynetwork/docs: docs/howto/openstack/designate/recordsets.md

;; MSG SIZE  rcvd: 78
```

> For extra resilience, the two name servers in any zone reside in different geographic locations.

> > You may see the location of a name server [here](../../../../reference/designate/).

Reviewer: Fix the build failure, please.

Also, improve accessibility by using a link text other than "here". Like so, for example.

```suggestion
> You may see the location of a name server [in the Reference section](../../../../reference/designate/index.md).
```
